Add page descriptions to docs (#2075)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/notebooks.md

---
title: "Notebooks"
icon: material/notebook-edit-outline

> description: These encrypted notetaking apps apps let you keep track of your notes without giving them to a third-party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: These encrypted note-taking apps let you keep track of your notes without giving them to a third-party.
```
